displacement or
death that's the Stark Choice
Palestinians say they were given as they
sheltered in a school in the Ral
neighborhood in Gaza
City we were besieged on Wednesday night
and the Israeli forces shot at us until
the morning no one could leave the
school they kept shooting the next day
too all day long then the soldiers
entered the school and asked us to
evacuate by
Sunset Israeli forces told them that any
one failing to comply with that
evacuation order would be shot they were
forced to flee on foot both young and
old
alike I prefer death to this humiliation
I wish they killed us at the school
rather than being displaced again I'd
truly rather die than have to move yet
again my neck back and feet hurt we're
cold we have no blankets no food and no
water do you think I'm in shape to walk
several kilometers I'm an old lady I was
walking with my head down and being
helped by two other people they asked me
to keep walking even though I was out of
breath this is dear Al
Bala this was supposed to be a safe
haven but nowhere has been spared
collapsed roofs burnt out buildings
rubble and not much
else for the first time since the war
broke out and Gaza he will be eating
tomatoes I hope the world sees
this almost the entire population of
Gaza has been forced out of their homes
many have now been displaced several
times over human rights groups warn that
the Israeli Army is continuing to
destroy homes even in areas where there
isn't any fighting making it impossible
for residents to return even once the
war is
over camil
Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer